In the executive branch, of course, it's mandatory on the executive branch.
I understand that the government printing office uses the same procedures and conforms to
the executive order.
I understand, however, that is an arbitrary decision of the public printer and it is my understanding
that he needs not if he wishes not.
And that the government printing office is not considered to be a part of the executive
branch.
Now I'm speaking from a from partial knowledge service that I shouldn't want what I say
to be taken as God's law.
You don't care that I don't know if God in any further than that.
I want this resolution distinction that is made with the devil.
But it's nothing double been that very often taken.
I believe that because you're a trained lawyer and you have eminent counsel on both sides.
The second one is that you've done a little long down here.
You understand what your position, the executive department, and that you were thought of
feeling around, crudal, and before.
And the third one is that you mentioned it because it was part of a plan that you wanted
to get the names on the right.
What's one of those three is the reason that you're different.
Well, we'll do, we just take three again.
I think we're going to reach the questions in the time.
I think I think that I think that we'll put them in just three words.
Well, I don't think it was any of the three, sir.
Well, remember, you mind telling why you mentioned the names.
I was married in the incident with the occurred, sir.
Just five for instance, most very occurred in the I and I.
Then just five, tell us, no, it's not my case.
Not five, is it all right?
Well, of course, that's what it is.
It was part of my experience.
I was just fighting my mind at least, not consciously or unconsciously.
Yes, that's the norm.
Well, I couldn't because it happened, sir.
It was true.
You thought it should go in and get there.
And so you brought them here.
Yes, sir.
You must have had it, the lawyer, you must have realized what the implications of it would be.
Then you think the committee might be interrupted and why the Kennedy United Nations was down here.
It's got some problems with you.
Well, I have a reason for this one.
It's quite a thing and I want to get to it in a minute.
I don't think that I was worried about it.
I don't think that it's a standard logic to me.
He wasn't the United Nations delegate.
So you have no reason to get this, is that it?
I'm sure it's that.
It's not just an area of the thing.
I tried to narrate everything to the church.
Now that the atoms of some time back as I'm an account for its pointed out,
used there that you made up the judges in effect to get in a Mr. Sherman app.
And later on, you as I followed the efforts to find efforts of our council to define the issue precisely,
instead that they were made up at the suggestion of the Army.
You would want to find yourself facing possible poetry with you as a result of a presidential directive that occurred between those two phases of testimony on your part, no chance.
Do you want to clarify further the questions that you have to the answer that you made to the questions and Mr. Jenkins for the answer?
I really don't think that I know exactly what it is you want.
Well, as I understand it at one point, before the presidential directive, you said that you made up the charges in quite some of the suggestion of Mr. Sherman app.
And after the presidential directive, you said that you made the charges of the Spartan Army and West the Army.
And it seems to me that the two sports don't go together from the standpoint of fact.
Well, I have to say, this is the end. This is the third very respectfully shared. This is the third time that's happening.
Well, I don't want to take any more time on it, but I would like you to do this so that I can study it.
I'd like you to, you will prepare a record for the committee with respect to this.
The presence and preference is your testimony that's been pointed out by the council for this committee and funding to the committee.
If it's the third time and you're tired of it, I'll be fine.
I'm not tired of this time.
As I say, Governor Adams made this suggestion. That didn't obligate me.
I am making this record. It's making this record.
My original statement this day, that I prepared this suggestion.
I just have an hour at home. In this document, I'm further pointed out to you that previous, that meeting.
I have begun to go on again.
I just met this.
I mean, the third award you go to, you say that Governor Adams did not obligate me.
I understand that.
Full-fiddle obligation. Nobody is interested.
In other words, you have no order from Secretary Steven to make up these charges.
I use a, I usually say, to my original file or the charges of my sentence.
I'm referring presumably to the original file.
Well, I had that largely completed. From the before the committee, we have action parties.
Have the suggestion, Mr. Chairman Adams? Well, he made a suggestion.
I have them out every in my mind. As I have told you before, I felt that he galvanized me into more protection.
And might otherwise have been in case that I think that I would have this effect.
One final question. In other words, your position will respect that this particular question has not been changed in any way or any form by the presidential director.
Is that correct?
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon. I beg your pardon.
In other words, your position will respect the issues in hand.
Have not been changed in any way in your testimony by the presidential director. Is that correct?
Your position will respect these charges.
They haven't been changed by the day of the director.
No other question.
And it's like that. Mr. Welch, what?
And the metropolis that you have time out for those who have left them.
Mr. Chairman, do you know what the rest of the girls will grow up by talking now?
No. We have another one Mr. Wittler that I will over the next.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Wittler and Mr. Wittler.
Mr. Chairman, before I get rifting, you are reluctant to react to a practice that the chair followed.
It's like a 1948.
I mean, I had a very curious and controversial fellow hearings of Wittler and Mr. Chairman called upon me to that.
I have been before you did this in unscoring.
But you feel that you have now had a complete and full and fair opportunity to testify before the commission.
I feel that I have. Thank you.
You know, this is Wittler and we'll follow that with this. Come.
We can fire an habit call as the next wittler is going to run.
I'm going to run.
You follow me for the testimony about the give of your tooth for whole tooth or nothing but the tooth for whole tooth.
I hope you got it.
Mr. Chairman, I'm going to run.
I know the team of the Bay in front of the order, the managed issues.
I think before he testify, we should know whether or not he will be able to testify and pull.
I know for the implementation of the decision of the legal council of the Army,
so he can testify as a conversation they had with Mr. Adam, with our general, with the team,
with officers in the Army or private in the Army.
I think it's important we know that before he testify,
because I don't like to get any mob pills next morning here.
I think you may have said this with no reflection of all of them, a general.
I know that the good soldiers in the Army are in the order of the things that they've been doing.
There's a family, so it's a question to be resolved when they are raised and brought into that.
I don't listen to the things that he's saying, but they do it that way.
Mr. Chairman, I think this would be a short question for them.
We just have to move this.
I think the other thing is that he probably has in mind the question that he can ask.
Well, that no restrictions based on me was the one.
Very good.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The next time I visit Mr. Thomas Barrett, I'm pretty pleased to meet you.
And there you go, Mr. Chairman.
It's a tough game, it's my turn.
Mr. Chairman, I've never seen a film in the position of the council of the government,
which I think is in a lot of ways.
Now the exact question is what?
Mr. Chairman.
General, take your call, ladies and gentlemen, right?
And you, rank you, make you general in the Army.
That is generally the United States, out there.
You are the commanding general of what Army installation of the commanding general for six minutes.
So the committee is the nature and purpose of that installation.
Our principal mission is to talk to you.
It's a train that newly inducted soldiers who come into the Army under the strike and serve as that.
And during that first eight weeks, we give them training in individual basic infantry training.
And then after two weeks leave about, they return for advancements and retreats.
So we train them, take their places in rifle, company, special weapons, company, and give them special training,
for special activities such as truck drivers, mechanics, radio operators, field liners, crops, and methods.
For you, the command is for six.
I know them, but last year, I lost.
When this year, there are a few days in China, which is going to be a span for your face.
After a tear of the private China November 3rd, 1953, for Secretary Steven Vistig for six,
he told me that five of the time has been inducted into the Army that day, and he would arrive at Fort Dex in the week to ten days.
I certainly remember that General Ryan was on the line of the government testimony,
that we go along and getting more and more confused by the subject of directness,
we find that Adam can't tell how he goes through, we inform the government,
that General Tal about 150 of Adam's decision, we find that Ryan is here.
I know that he has been on the line with the government, but I'm not in the government.
The government is still reflecting how the appropriations of the military well-forged,
the straddles that the government can testify in total.
I don't like to have certain general priesthoods to testify,
and others not, with the general round of the stands, apparently as a growing,
the government is making a plan, which is good.
I don't wonder now if you're welcome with Adam's authority,
whether Mr. General Watt will be present to me,
I consider the couple of people who will be able to follow the family of General Ryan Watt,
follow my opinion, it's really difficult for us to anticipate what's going to happen here,
but we have to discuss with the chairman of the General.
Well, this is David. I just think that the chairman is a pianist because that was yes.
I would say, as in fact, as a physicist, I think he has very little of this type of thing
that he could possibly testify to, and that the rest of the meetings didn't contest if I am.
I think the simple thing is to get by it. I don't think he has any.
Could you let the chairman come to me as well to be advising Mr. Watt?
Whether or not the other Watt will be operating on the same rule as General Ryan.
I could really hold the line. I would like to let the line take a minute.
I don't want to do the rule for everyone.
I don't anticipate any difference just out of two then and now.
I've only just been a little bit off, so it's just good.
Next Thursday, when that time told me Mr. Shine had been remembered many or remember the staff of the committee to show them.
And that the committee had requested Mr. Stevens to make fire the shine available
to the committee staff to complete certain unfinished work that was meant in pop-up.
And Mr. Stevens told me that he wanted to cooperate with this committee in every way that he possibly could.
And he authorized me to make fire the shine available to the committee on weekends when it isn't interfered with training.
He said that otherwise, fire the shine was to be treated the same as any other training.
He said that he desired that I give this my personal attention in order that it be properly handled.
I accepted this directive in these instructions most enthusiastically, because I had returned from Korea just a short time before, where I spent two years seeing the forces of communism, the communist aggression on the battlefield and in government there.
And if I could help this young man in any way to run down communist, I was a hundred percent fine.
Secondly, I felt that it was my duty as a government officer to cooperate with any government committee, especially a committee of highest legislative body in the United States Senate.
And thirdly, of course, Secretary of the Army gave me these instructions and I had to carry them out.
General, when would your next contact with anyone concerning the U.D. shine?
Private shine arrived at Fort Dick from the 10th of November.
On that day, Mr. Adams called me up and asked me whether or not I knew Private shine was there.
I told him I didn't, because I don't see tract of every private that comes in to Fort Dick.
And he told me that it was I knew it was not Private shine was there.
And I said that I had discussed this matter with the Secretary at length and the Secretary told me that I could let him off weekend, provided it didn't interfere with his training.
And he said, I'm going to move back to the wisdom.
And I said that in addition to the weekend, the Secretary also indicated that the committee might desire him on weeknight, and also that members of the committee staff might desire to come to Fort Dick to consult him after due the hours in the evening when he was available and it didn't interfere with any words that he had set up for that time.
Now I might say that in connection with these factors, Private shine was given 16 passes while he was at Fort Dick.
I authorize 12 of them in each instance that the request of a member of the committee staff, six of these passes were for weekend.
Four of the passes were for weeknight for the purpose of doing business or conducting committee business off the coast.
One was on November 17th, when members of the committee and the staff visited nearby installation of Wild Air Force Base, and one was on Thanksgiving Day.
Four passes were granted the Private shine by a unit commander, just regular ordinary passes that they have authority to grant.
And that is the pass that he had a pass every weekend that he was at Fort Dick.
The general would be few persons, per with any member of the Atlantic committee.
On November 10th, I received telephone call from a member of the committee staff, dating to Mr. Cohn and Mr. Car,
who were coming to Fort Dick on November 11th. They'd like very much to see me.
And I said, I'd be very happy to see you.
They said that they would arrive about mid-afternoon, and I told them to come to my headquarter and I would be there.
During the morning of the 11th, my duty officer received the telephone call saying that Mr. Car and Mr. Cohn would arrive about two o'clock.
And I planned to be in my headquartered, being honest to say, all duty and charge, the job guard and the seat, with the spenders, and the celebrated as a holiday in our home.
And it's called and Mr. Car arrived at 1.30. And not finding me at my headquartered, they came out to my quarter.
I invited them in and we sat in my living room and had a very pleasant conference.
They told me that Private Shine was needed very badly for important committee business, that was in-process, that he had special personal knowledge about a great deal of the business.
And they wanted him to be made available in order to finish this work.
I told him exactly what the secretary had given me instructions to do and indicated that as far as I was concerned, we would make him available on weekend provided that it didn't interfere with the training.
And the conference ended on that note. It's very close, you're all the way through.
And it was very present and we had a perfect agreement that whenever they wanted Private Shine, they would call my headquartered and let me know.
And the arrangements would be made that way.
And General, what if anything were stated on that occasion that you just related the trouble to how long the committee would need to serve as a Private Shine?
Mr. Cohn gave me to believe that the committee business was in the nature of unfinished business.
And that Private Shine was needed in order to complete it.
And they indicated that it wasn't very long. They weren't going to harass us very much.
They'd asked for him from time to time. And he said they wouldn't ask for them any time that they didn't actually need it.
But they made no specific date. There was no agreement that it was too weak or a month or two months.
But I very generally got the impression that this was in the nature of unfinished business and that it would be finished in a matter of weeks.
No, always Private Shine, they can be too brief.
Here I have the fourth section of November 10th and left on January 16th.
That would be approximately...
50 regular eight weeks before.
And if you state that you was wearing a 16-task and you're wearing a 16-task and you're wearing a 16-task?
Yes, a 16-task.
And what is the normal number of tests is awarded an average trainee in that length of time.
And the normal number of passes would probably run three or four during that period for the normal training.
Have you ever had any other trainees at Fort Six where you have served as a player who received the comfortable number of passes on Private Shine?
No, I have never had another trainee receive a comparable number of passes and I've never had another trainee that was working on Senate Committee business.
And the total reason for Private Shine receiving these 12 additional passes was because Committee members have requested those passes.
In each instance they remembered the committee staff who called my head quarters and indicated that Private Shine was needed and in most cases were needed for very registered.
And generally, in effect it brought us to December 8th.
Private Shine was permitted to leave the course on weekday nights.
Private Shine was permitted to leave the course on December 1st, December 3rd, December 4th, and December 7th.
On week nights in each instance, as the specific request of a member of the committee staff for the purpose of working on Committee business.
Definitely, State privilege terminates by you on December 8th.
That is terminated by me on December 8th, yes sir.
Do you ever make any investigation to determine whether or not Private Shine in fact was engaged on Committee business while he was off the coast on these 12 passes?
I accepted the word of the committee staff fully and completely as far as Private Shine being made available for work.
And I personally never questioned and I personally didn't make any attempt to find out.
However, my inspector general has been looking into the allegations that appeared and newspaper in the office alleging proper actual treatment to Private Shine and he hasn't found out anything.
And yet, do you know for a fact that Private Shine made many long-distance telephone calls from Port Vich while he was taken there?
Private Shine received telephone messages continuously while he was at Port Vich.
Some of these telephone messages would be in the form of calling a committee member immediately in which case he would be released from training long enough to make the committee call.
Others would say they were urgent calls and the company commander would say every way that he could to get Private Shine to the telephone exchange in fact as he could.
Some instances when they were getting ready to march in he let Private Shine go to the exchange directly in order to save time to get this urgent telephone call and to the committee.
And then other cases of telephone calls that were urgent delivered to Private Shine and he made those I presume on his own time after supper.
And I suspect that the telephone calls came an average of one of them, definitely my estimate.
General, what a question if you know this unusual treatment in the way of this in telephone calls, which is called a fraction here on the other screen.
I can say that from a division level that has no effect, the recommended level has no effect, the Italian level no effect, for company level and for two level it did have some effect.
Private Shine was the man's suicide.
It was the man that entered the army in the fanfare of publicity with his picture on every page of the local press.
When he arrived at Fort Dix, there was a newspaper report to meet him wanting to get an interview with the man.
About a week after he was there, United States Senator came to see him.
The following day all the local papers had his picture in the paper, the headline, Private Shine visited by the United States Congress.
He had weekend passes, he was allowed to go home Thanksgiving. He got off Christmas in New Year.
He had members of this committee staff come there to meet him and talk with him in the evening.
The collective situation was just to be committed to a company and the two levels there was found to be some repercussions and thoughts or the willaments of the wonderment,
and the question in the minds of the other trainees. There unquestionably was a situation there that wasn't normal and Private Shine looked upon as a man of power.
And I might say that Private Shine himself contributed by indicating he was company commander that he was in Fort Dix to study the reorganization of the United States Army along modern lines.
The General has been a video test for only about a few pieces of existence in the third and January.
Tell us what he's all about there.
We've been still with T.C. incident. Private Shine arrived at Fort Dix at Fort Crocs, the afternoon of the 10th and Private Shine was on Titching Police at 4.30 on the morning of the 11th.
The stories that there was the rent top of the rollout for Private Shine or he was possible to show him favors and give him proper treatment with the exception of work for this committee at Fort Dix is fall.
Private Shine arrived at his organization for duty on the 20th and he started his formal training on the 22nd and the night of the 22nd Private Shine was in the kitchen on Titching Police.
Supplementary Titching Police.
Doesn't work on that day. They needed extra men and they Private Shine was one of the men who were in there and he performed the 30th job in the kitchen, feigning out the soul.
And on the 8th of December he had his regular turn on Titching Police and he was in the kitchen at 4.30 in the morning and he stayed there at 9.30.
When I sent Paul and the come to my office to tell him that he could not have any more weeknight taskings and I must admit that I didn't know he was on Titching Police.
I have misplied his idea of what job he was on except that I was not going to permit him to be absent any more evening.
Now as one of your questions there was an incident of Titching Police on the 30th of December.
On the 30th of December there was a telephone call came to my headquarters on the company commander of this young man asking whether or not a pass is in front.
And my aide came in and I said no I didn't receive any request for pass and I hadn't done any grant.
And then he called me in my quarters. This was New Year's Eve. He called me in my quarters about half past 12.
And said the regulars the up call and said that looked as though Private Shine had absent properly. He left without proper thought.
And he said that he had talked to the company commander and he thought possibly that there was a misunderstanding.
And he said that in his opinion that it was one of those things that we might investigate when Shine came back on the floor of the tanker.
And I asked whether or not Private Shine had a pass. The rich had passed. He said yes Private Shine had a pass.
So I decided then that I didn't think there's that third of the telegrams who have him come back if he left Billy.
Possibility is a misunderstanding. It is a bit of a pass to this pocket that we could investigate it or the regulars could investigate it on Monday.
He called me back a little while later and said that a telegram had already been sent by the company commander.
Oring it man to come back. So I said that perfectly all right. It's a company commander wants to bring it back. It's all right with me.
That's I will not tell the man that telegrams. Let him bring him back. I did however. If the committee called up. Remember the staff called up. That's for him for committee visits.
I had an agreement with Mr. Coles that I must keep him letting go.
So a three o'clock Mr. Coles called up and said that he was needed for committee business and Private Shine was permitted to remain over until the night of the death.
Now at that particular time I didn't know that Private Shine was new or God on New Year's Eve and also for 50 years on the death.
Had I known that Private Shine would have been blocked back. But that information would not pass.
Let's get over it. Let's give them a way to see what the issue is back. This Private Shine was taking full attention to the New Year on January 10th.
The investigation that was held on the morning of the fall. The regimental commander decided that there has been any misunderstanding.
But it was all on Private Shine's path and that Private Shine was new kitchen police on the 10th.